oh I'm a beard go around the back
hey man nice job getting that phone
message was somewhat jizzy day so what's
the plan t-bone security got here real
early they got men on the rules watching
over the pier hey ok yeah I see you that
was woozy boys they're in place look
down by the side entrance shit they
hadn't up to the roof shit me know we're
gonna have to take our t-bones been on
the rooftop he put his whole gig blows
wide open
shit they walk right into it one of
those drive boys is down it is still
something left CJ man my busin was tight
here comes T Bone and here's that snake
bar look at that fool hanging out with
the ball is like they was lifelong pal
something made right where's torino
chopper inbound that's gotta be torino
oh shit you'll see the bodies on
rooftops too late man he's tripping out
on smoke grenades so much for surprise
come on we got to take these fools right
now ah
Wade ocj
Mendez I see you leave I motherfucker
hey Radha sherm head asshole but you
think you're going k stop me he's in it
for those boats don't worry about it i
got this
you